docs: Corrected typos and grammatical errors (#9216)
apache/apisix: docs/en/latest/plugins/aws-lambda.md

### Configuring path forwarding

> The `aws-lambda` Plugins also support URL path forwarding while proxying requests to the AWS upstream. Extensions to the base request path gets appended to the `function_uri` specified in the Plugin configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `aws-lambda` Plugin also supports URL path forwarding while proxying requests to the AWS upstream. Extensions to the base request path gets appended to the `function_uri` specified in the Plugin configuration.
```
